it's very [Music]
frightening there's no sunshine
anywhere strong winds blowing God give us
wisdom to grasp the message in the
air oh if I could have one wish and no
that it would come true I wish that God would give us strength to know just what
to do then we could tear down the fences that fence us all
in fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the fences that fence St maybe we could have walk together
again [Music] welcome back to Lady
Babylon tonight on Bible studies I've got for you quite a quite a section
we're going to be looking into the purple and we're going to be looking at a little fulfillment of
Prophecy um we're going to be opening some seals and what I want to do is I
want to bring you those drugs from the ancient world I want to bring you those orgastic
rights and I want you to make the decisions tonight on lady
[Music]
Babylon so tonight I'm going to take you
somewhere you can't go with a Bible scholar I'm going to take you into some pindar I'm going to take you into some
prophetic utterances I'm going to take you in to a place where the burning purple is the
communion we're going to go there tonight we're going to see this place and we're going to let
it really show us how this book
apocalypse really should be read tonight we have the keys that unlock the
doors before we begin I want to say thank you to everyone
coming I want to say thank you to um
Frank Morano for his interview it was nice to be able to
bring this evidence these texts these poets these poets
to the New York venue it was nice to be able to speak to the people in New York
it was nice thank you Frank that'll be linked here you can see that here it's a
short 20 24 minute interview somewhere in that range um thought he did a
fantastic job but what are we here for at the Museum we're here to protect the
sanctity of Muse we're not here to to create merchandise we're not here to create
some sort of lucrative campaign I am promising you that I will not sell you
hats I'm about to give you the goods oh this is so good I knew that you guys
would love this I knew that you would just love it let's purify the temple
first let's purify the temple first and what are we gonna do in order to purify
the temple tonight in as we see prophecy fulfilled I know I know I'm promising a
lot aren't I just wait it's coming the prophecy fulfilled is brought To Us by
that sun that darken Sun this is
soul let's clean this place up should
we
[Music]
The Works of Fate lay open to me because I am in the
oysters wow well thank you that was that was Dracula's buddy thanks Mike
appreciate it appreciate it I'm going to start now I
have told you this in the past I have told you look it up check it up find it
find the reference find it um there was coming I told you there will come a time
when you will find the Earth will yield up her evidence to us probably I said
through an AI probably through some AI do you feel that past and the present
and the future occurring simultanously what if that
is the ionic life oh wow we're getting into it let's see it fulfilled he's
crazy tonight Mommy it's okay Charlie keep watching him here we go kids let's
go to the First Source bring it in this is from nature people and I am going going to oh God I'm sorry but this stuff
gets me so blow it up JY this stuff gets me I need to see it all the way are you guys ready AI reads text from ancient
hercul um herculanum excuse me scroll for the first time right all that stuff
was buried at herculanum when Vesuvius went kapo and plenty's like ah Evacuate
the people and oh he dies trying to get them out because the Cloud a gas went over he was leading the Navy he was
leading the Navy anywh who um one of the little Cities next to Pompei that got
pounded was herculanum and they had a library in the house of guess who take
it down for a second guess whose house house we're going to I see you can't do this with Bible scholars you cannot do
this there's certain things you know it's why they have the sisters of disent
satisfaction right when you can't reach that Peak
why if there's no flag to plant on Everest why would I go up it Fantastic
look at what's the herculanum covered and whose house are we in we're in the
house of what somebody does this have something to do a Julia Caesar oh what
this is gorgeous you guys you're going to love this how do you read these look what we're doing we're bringing from the
depths we're bringing from The Under World we're bringing up the books do you
people see this book this book look at it that's not a book it's a lump of coal
no it's a scroll it's a scroll and that AI look at that ai's eyes of light its
eyes of light are reading the words and what happened what happened now now
people I'm bringing you to the present give us the next one give us the next one chewy what happened oh my goodness
they developed a machine learning algorithm that detected Greek letters and several lines and roll up Papyrus
including all my Greek students say it with me poor
furas por furas purple
oh the first voice to speak to you
from the past telling you the
future that first voice is purple and they all got
excited they all got excited how many times does this story get
told yeah lovely hit us with the next one chewy
boom watch this but no that was did I mean that's okay blow that up yeah
that's where we meant to go nice you got the course in what is the poror it's the
purple fish right right the murex that little sea creature the shell and a
little body and you poke it it produces purple ooze
that purple what now listen people classicists they're stuck they haven't
gotten to the science part of things yet because you know we're deficient and so
in this when they do though they're gonna get beyond the fact they all know
this was a purple D and all the people who had discovered the word purple speaking from the dead text oh what did
they say it's that purple Dy they need to catch up people classes out there start reading the medical stuff like
we're doing in here start doing the medical stuff you're going to find what that's for bring up that purple again oh
God look at this blow that up chewy fantastic purple Dy obtained from it the
purple dye obtained from that mollusk is the
porur okay people what do you do with that purple dy I don't care what they say isn't it now cool if it's whatever
DMT or whatever it is there claiming I haven't seen the latest chemist stereo
chemistry yeah so I don't know but what's in it is so valuable that it
drives this religious Empire because you can't get anywhere without the
purple you yeah it's it's the most stady let's keep going let's keep going I'm so glad
they're finally um no back to the purple let's go back to the purple I want to still I want to still look at this oh
God so they've got the claws and they've got the purple stripe right right I just
want you to see here oh my God look at number Roman numeral number two wait a
[Music] minute they did why they poured it they
poured it into the nard into the nard remember that we're doing drugs now
in GRE in GRE we're doing the drugs now that's like that looks like there you go
nice chewy good catch um we're doing the drugs now what is that nard I'm going to
show you that nard in a minute so that when you see every time I say that Jesus and Mary Magdalene we're using that nard
with the [__] you'll understand why they're had to be an antidote there oh
God these LC oh
shoot it's so much drugs it's hard to keep track of I know guys but watch
watch this we're seeing the Fulfillment um this is coming the
communion is coming the communion is coming and when they find it it's going
to rock the world it's going to rock the world I'm going to tell you this here I'm going to tell you this now this
thing is developed by Meda I'm going to show you she was called
Kus yes yes depends it all depends on the magic Watch What Happens let's go to
the let's go to another source here go for it boom yep take yep there we go
yeah the Scrolls were discovered in the 18th century that's nice to know when Workman came across the remains of a
luxury Villa that might have belonged to the family of Julius Caesar's father-in-law yeah that's fantastic get
us another one I just wanted you guys I'm not making this up people you're getting
Caesar's library and why is that important the family the Julian I should
say the Julian library is what you're getting and why is that important because one of the Julians a dude named
gas went up to the Temple of Venus gric now for those of you who hear that
you don't hear a America right you don't hear it but
that's what they did because you know who that is that's their founding mother they have a founding mother do
you have a problem with a founding mother because they're Romans they'll drive it from your soul with a spar with
a spear yes yes pollution not accepted not
accepted who is what did this guas from the Julie what did he do what did he do
oh he put a portrait of media in the
temple why would he do such a thing why if you knew the purple you'd know
why oh you see does anybody want to read the drug manuals that are in the hands
of the Caesars you may be surprised at what you
find oh love love it love it next one next one J let's go to the next one okay
we're g to get we're going to get out of this the purple dye was highly saw um
after an ancient Rome and was made from the glands of sea snails nice the glands
nice so the term could refer to purple color robes the rank of the people who could afford the dye or even the mollus
but more important that the individual words reading anything at all says and they go off all of of it appearing to
you in a dead scroll you have
seen as I told you you would see that is the
muse that is the power that you and
I will harvest from that City that City with its seven
Hills we will harvest that power are you ready let's go let's go Chey next star
system boom there it is people for those of you who don't for those of you who
wish you text here it is can you see that thing look look at what we've been
given from the darkness we've G been given poor F we've been brought the dawn
right out of the darkness comes the dawn the
dawn who is that dawnbringer who is it tell me who do you think it is put it
together from the sources we've looked at tonight we had to go all the way take it down we had to go all the way back to
Dracula all the way back to Dracula to find that source that
Soul you are squarely in the family of the son and I want you to see
the daughters I want you to see the daughters and the granddaughters of
soul I want you to see them tonight are you ready chewy hit us with another hit us
with another system
boom yeah listen to him he told you let's go to the next
one yeah I know it's necessary sometimes you have to sometimes you have to bring
it okay look at this I want to bring up a text this is also a place right all the Bible scholars have fallen off the
cart by this point right because now we're not just involved in circle jerca
to now we are wait did I say that what was that I think I just going a word um
now we're involved in the real stuff and I want to show you I want to just bring
you through an expert in the Bonet cult I just want you to see that at the top
it says rehea rehea nourished that child she is
the one who brought forth that child she nourished him with the milk that is
properly um balanced for this
procedure wait what yeah just hang in there with me we're dealing with a kid and we're dealing with um burning off
their mortality and you say wait wait no right because that's what people do if
you see somebody burning off your child's mortality it may frighten you don't be frightened don't be frightened
you know they may die they may die in the process yeah um
but this is the world that you and I are in what will come from this
process will be that Immortal child brilliant let's go on let's get
bring us that text again whoops I hit you just right wrong timing I was off there go ahead sh bring me up the text
again though we got to throw it out there I want you to look at that second line
right what's happening I just want you to imagine the
Sparks of a fire that does not burn
those Sparks of the fire that comes from the lightning that's what we're looking
for when we do the purple when we have the purple communion when we have the
cup of porna this is what it brings us those
Sparks that fire of the lightning fire
of the lightning and what does it do it bathes that ch it bathed that
dionis it bathed that child in the
breath in the breath of that child's mother wow wow um these people are
committed and you don't understand when you're reading the New Testament that your words
chos it's coming from this tradition and if you have no knowledge of this tradition your work is
bogus it sounds to somebody who has read the text you sound like
clowns let me just say that issue that breath from my my lips you
classicists who have ignored these texts shame on you you religious studies
Scholars who have created a false fairy tale reality
oh I wouldn't want to be you in the coming I wouldn't want to be you shame
on you it's a very serious crime to defecate in a temple of the
Muse religious Scholars feed me a religious scholar
please okay let's get back to it I'm sorry let's get back to it there it is
yeah um let's go to the next one we're there with the child right look at this people
what is all this stuff doing you know you're gonna say I'll just translate you're gonna say that I am bakus right
that bakas found he's the one who brought us this
Yuan ecstatic fruit right he brought us he brought us
this Yuan fruit that brings us to that place that we were in in
EDM it brings us back to EDM and what does it do to us what does this thing do
to us it causes us to be methylated right brings us to brings us
to Aphrodite it you see the circle a afrod that's what it does bakus brings
you to Aphrodite but wait that's just what they tell tell
people on the outside now I'm going to show you what they tell people on the inside what do that sacred communion do
it brings the mind that is unstable to a place of
Slaughter dionis will bring you to
Aphrodite or to a place of Slaughter it's your
choice it's your choice do you feel the cult do you
understand now why this cult could take a male child that had just been born I
want you to visualize this the historians tell us
this you deliver a woman delivers her child surrounded by other women and if
that child is a male you tear it to pieces and eat
it that's the society where these
drugs are coming from that's the
society the Bic society that is producing the drugs that can put you
into the Aron whereas we all know
you are tested by
Lucifer it's one mechanism people many many little
Mysteries one mechanism yeah you can only get there on one bus what does he mean
mommy he means that you can only get there one
way broad is the path that leads to
destruction but the way of life not so
much yeah yeah are you hearing the words of
the Magus Jesus Christ for the first time
yeah that's life I love it I love it absolutely love it chewy get us the next
one up there let let's keep going we can't keep these people for too long I
think 23 minutes is a lot I think 23 minutes is a lot here we go look at that
we're already past that it's already been done let's let's just come here okay people I wanted to bring you
tonight so here we are at the Fulfillment and let's break these seals
let's break these seals I want you I want you to see yeah yeah um and one of
the Seven Angels G carrying these these seven files and
they spoke with me saying this dude saying hey come here bro I'm gonna show
to you the Judgment of the POR the Judgment of the POR that's who
you and I are looking at right now she is the one who makes the purple she's
the one who makes the purple Don't Take Your Eyes Off of her
fantastic Judgment of this what is this por she's great and she's seated upon
all the many Waters many Waters do you understand what they're
saying she is Seated on many Waters sit on that Throne of Satan in
order to see and what happens a lot of Kings with
her ended up porting a lot of Kings ended up
porting and they got intoxicated she Bewitched them they got
intoxicated right the people those who inhabit Gia they became intoxicated with
her bunch of Bonet bunch of crazy bonings and what
made drove them over the edge the cup of her
porna the cup of her porna now I'm going to say this as simply and as directly as
I possibly can the purple
dye is just one of a compound one of one ingredient of a
compound of of ingredients and that this is
used to produce another drug through
her her pora her
ejaculation is the product it contains the
purple but it also contains her
life it contains her seeds of
fire if you want to turn on the mystery in order to see the
future you're going to have to bring her drug
back it is all part of the bakic way this is why Jesus is arrested in a
public park with a naked boy at 400 a.m. because he is also trying to bring back
the communion there is the eating of Flesh
and the drinking of blood and by the power of
Lucifer by the power of B
zebul the god of great counsil by his power he who sits on the
throne of khor yeah it's by his
power interesting now you know why they're accusing Jesus of working for
the devil because he is yeah he
is wow okay um let's go to the next text I got a couple more here for you I just
want to wrap up and explain some things to you I want you to see I want you to
look straight into The Eyes Of The Morning Star we're looking at the purple tonight I told you the purple would come
back it's come back what are we expecting next we're expecting the voice of the Morning Star are you ready for
this pendar I gotta call up pendar and I got to bring him back and I gotta say pendar what can you say to me pendar
says you know Jason he took off his clothes you know he trusted in the God
yeah and what did he do he began he undertook the work that he had to do he undertook it right and the fire it
didn't touch him the fire it didn't touch him we are burning off your
mortality the Fire doesn't touch you why because you have followed the aetm the
commands of that all pharmaceutical
stranger that all pharmaceutical stranger you know who I'm talking about you know who I'm talking about I'm
talking about SCA I'm talking about scua who is scua that's what
draconus calls media it is her
epithet it doesn't mean she who is cian
because she is not cian she hangs with cians she's
culturally living a cian life but she's
also anchored to these Libyan Traditions surround ing
Amon and as she develops the bakic Empire she does so by exposing this
pathway through the purple it comes from her
body bring us back to pendar pendar what tell us what she tell us what she says
here um next one please um look who who's all this coming from everything
that is happening I am telling you everything that is
happening is coming for the Fulfillment of the word of media wait a minute the
prophet that I was referring to tonight who was that Prophet that Prophet is
media that Prophet is media and who who who what is she doing and she's speaking
from Thea she's speaking from theah in the 17th generation you know the her
word will be fulfilled right and who is she she is zines pice take that down for
a minute she is zines pice
ay she is that ever rushing current of fire that is
unstoppable that's what they call the queen of queen of
Babylon I didn't know she was Queen of Babylon did you know she was Queen of Babylon she
was that's what they called her when she was
12 how did they manage to get her to that stage by that age she saving the world
spreading a religion a holy virgin you
know amazing work guys
amazing it helps when you're researcher is the one who is developing the
drug it's part of our model that doesn't it it holds us up your researcher cannot
be the one who is being experimented upon they didn't care um and they did
and she did and this is what she produced all of your religions your
Judaism your Christianity your Islam they are all the product of one woman's
brilliant work yeah let's see her go to the next one Chey we're we're going to start to
pull out here I want you guys to see this though thank you hanging in there with me I know there's I know there's
people giving me their time and I appreciate that and in verse four and the woman was petty be men remember that
naked kid that was with Jesus when he was arrested it says that his gnos his naked parts were Petty bi Minal
they were covered they were covered with that
bandage what are her coverings her coverings are what
poorun poorun you know aphrodites
girdle that thing that has the Barb on it that she can hit somebody with what's
it do when they get Barbed with it make some nuts make some
nuts yeah in a very specific nutty kind of way in a Sader kind kind of way in
the way that you would see one of these centaurs with
their Apostles you didn't know that centaurs had Apostles did you no you didn't but
you don't read Isaiah you think you do because King James has played a dirty
trick on you and used the mastic text right but you don't read that text
because they took all the centaurs out of the prophets it was too much
linguistically it was too much to consider if you look up Centaur now in ancient Greek you know what you're gonna
find next to it past
P interesting interesting Jesus Christ is
following as models for his salvation
pasts Jesus Christ is in a
line of mystery petas his boys are his
boys ma Tha students you remember Socrates he's
charged for corrupting the youth yeah at least that's what is being thrown around
he's not walking around with 40-year-old men right okay right he is working with
the young I mean he does know 40y old men but his students are of a different
group just like Jesus is going to be referring to his
kitties and sheepkin as his
students post primary up to um through your education so 10 to 10 to 9 10 to um
18 19 20 swh in that range yeah
P pasty is part of it it's part of the cult we're going to be discovering this
and we have the we have the great everybody in satanic initiation is the great great vantage point we we get to
be right up front as it comes forward we have the
purple next we bring her voice chewy go back to the text let's let's give um
Everybody some time off look at this um so she was dressed in that purple right
and Coke you know anyhow um she had some other stuff on but I wanted you to see
that she's a she has this golden cup this isn't any
regular Cup this is a cup of offering and she's got it in her hand and what
does it contain it contains the Abomination until you see the
abomination of desolation in the temple yeah that's what we're looking at
we're looking for that time we're looking for that exact are you ready are you ready for the Fus are you ready for
the slaughter are people ready people are saying who side who side are we on
what are we going to pick ride but we all know the games are beginning we're gonna see a
Slaughter yeah yeah turn up to is it just me somebody
touched that thermostat again the insanity stat somebody turn it up a
little bit that's Bic there's a r ration that comes from
that bakic power Quantum stuff I don't understand it you know probably gives
you cancer if you sit around it for too long but I know this for sure it makes
you nuts it makes you nuts which for those of us in a cult
it's a good thing because how else are we going to be involved in the eating of
the flesh we're all going to consume it it's all our table people you don't have a choice you're about to
watch you're about to watch and partake in that Slaughter yeah it's not you know what
the Watchers say they're constantly harping on this
humans they're one group yeah they don't even realize
that you and I we do things together our corruption is
shared and you can't see that other side but when you do don't be
surprised follow the gateways of the
Muse or go to the slaughter yeah that's okay let's go
we're back to the text people you guys are indulging me tonight I'm GNA be a little indulgent and run this out a
little bit should we blow that up here's another one people look at this five and what happens what's on her forehead
what's on her forehead this is what we're gonna see pull right come on people we're
pulling we're pulling her into this Dimension invisible form are you ready
what's on her forehead a name what great name is on her is on her forehead
musterion mystery this is her the mystery it's funny there are
thousands of thousands chewy thousands there are billions of people who
bow who bow to a God and his
son in a right that was created by a
woman yeah there she is mist she's got the name you people cannot take it Jesus
Christ didn't pop onto the scene and create his fairy tale la la Jack in the beanock world from nothing there's no ex
nillo we're scientists we have to have causes and
effects nobody created that world that world's in your head Christian it's in
your head
they all stole it from a woman but they couldn't replicate it
they couldn't replicate the right because it required her voice required
her voice to bring it all they got was a room stinking of sweating children and a
dude who got arrested with one of them naked in a public park at 400 a.m. hail
Jesus
let's go back to that text finish off yeah yeah she is that mother she is that
mother of all of those poai Y and she's the one who has
that Abomination Abomination that off
running what kind of Genius was able to turn a body
fluid into a communion that would build an Empire of the Mind do you wonder why
their teenage girls were more educated than you and I are did you
wonder yeah those priestesses are the ones carrying those Sciences with them wasn't
Julius Caesar he was hanging her picture in the
temple you know she was doing it I'm going to love this when it hits
this is going to surprise all the classicists they're going to sit around because they've been preaching since the 60s about the oppression of women I'm
GNA show him a real woman I'm gonna show them the one who whose voice shaped
their history this is ladyb Babylon this is the mystery and it's coming let's do
the next one this is a somber ending to the six season but it's the most hopeful
that I've been able to generate look at this we got to look at the Book of Life
you didn't know Zoe had a book did you you didn't know the Meda had a book chewy H the next one let's go through
these people this is going to be a little bit riddly there's going to be a little bit you know kind of like riddles
here yeah yeah yeah and um any who any who those who have the mind that is SOS
right does anybody here possess sopia e sopia I'm looking in the crown
tonight does anybody possess sopia okay because the one that does who
whichever of you has her um blow it up again please for me um what happens you
know there's there's seven heads and [Music]
seven okay I think we're back I think we're back yeah um what did I really
want to show you here all the way down at the bottom I just want you to
[Music]
see
okay I think we're back but we may go down again we seem to be having an equipment failure so I'm gonna get this
in as quickly as possible the th on here right it's the the trick is it's not
what you think it's not a beast it is a beast in the sense that it's a serpent
it's the same thing that happened to Paul when Paul in Acts um we see it Illustrated he was in Malta and he gets
bitten by the little tiny poisonous guy and they're all like haha he's gonna die
and he doesn't that's what we're referring back to the Thon you have to remember there's a number of them oh the
Empire is caught up with us tonight chewy we're they're right on our tail people let me just run through this okay
um look there's a you know there's a number of them there's a number of them
there was one that is no longer anymore and there's anyhow there's a number
right some that were and one that it's coming back and an eighth an eighth I
want you to focus on the eighth we are bringing back that eth and we're going
to do it obscenely obviously for people and it's going to flood it's going to
flood us here bring us give us the next text J we need to get through this before we blow TIE fighter Catches Us here um yeah yeah
yeah so um this is just Paul he's picking up this this group of sticks that he's got you know and he's putting
it in the fire and this a hidna I want you to look at that third line this a hidna specifically it's the Viper it's
one of the Vipers that he's talking about oh right we all know what they're using the Viper they're actively using
the Viper for these Thon these things that cause death induce death States
these drugs when I say things I mean drug combos good good good and anything his thing's hanging from his hand next
one next one and what is that the The Strangers saw and they were like this dude's gonna die bro he must have done
something pretty pretty awful to to live out of this shipwreck to get saved from
the Shipwreck to wash ashore and then to get bitten by a Viper he's gonna die but they were all amazed when he didn't
uhhuh yeah he's got the antien if he's taking the thec baby if he can
take the theion he can take the theak he can take that potion that um
reti by the way that allows him to get through the burning purple wait what the
Priestess has to put that onto a yes there's an account of this you can see it my God man you just have to find the
seders and the saon that's it fantastic okay next one let's go to the next one I
I'm loving this but I want I want to give people their times worth look at the top I have to be able to see this
right my wild animal oh this is theion right what I wanted you to see is I just wanted you go to go down to beast and
you see under 3B we got a little poisonous animal and we talk about eus
is that eus yeah okay all right we got a little or basus here there further on I
wanted to see but let's go because it we're they're going to catch us here in a
minute boom fantastic what is the thonos people look what is in parenthesis just
so you know this is for all the people who are like oh this guy is crazy right listen Tommy listen Tommy I know you're
I know you're you know I know you're immature Tommy but I want you to see here that the Greeks are actually making
this connection you see how the Theon is in your parentheses there right these
poisons that are being used in medicine right are M are compo composing a larger
group that we put we talk about as thcs right look at that an
antidote antidoto does everybody see that on the third line down
antios wait a minute I thought you said Jesus and his crew they're all take it down for a second that I thought you
said they're all doing Hebrew and Aramaic you're so full of it
oh my god do you see what happens the people who wanted to write the history
IE the Christians they rewrote it so that you
would think this is coming from the Hebrew and somehow that Hebrew is
telling me things that poofy magic
stuff yeah Messiah really no no not really they're using
the Greek language they're speaking it they're eating it they're drinking it
they're living it they're making love in it isn't that nice when you hear shh
listen you're in Jerusalem if you listen very closely
you'll hear the moaning you'll hear the moaning in
Greek Olo not Hallelujah
Udo oh God oh my goodness this is
gorgeous give us the last one okay I'm sorry we went to a strange went to a strange place here yep yep go ahead go
ahead um I just wanted you to see the nard here's the nard I think we skipped one some spike nard right some Cal nard
oh look oh look there it is there's some galic nard what's the difference you know it's all medicines right there's
even Mountain nard right Ora Ora just means the stuff you collect in the
mountains do you people see how complex the art of drugs is and Antiquity look
at the bottom you've even got a Babylonian nard you've got a Babylonian
nard and all of these nards cards are used for different things but there's
one thing that Jesus is using them for go ahead there's one thing that Jesus is using them for that we know um through
Mary Magdalene um this is what she's doing to the alabastron right now watch
this this verb I'm gonna show you bring out Bring Out The where is he where is
he bring out the seminarian where is he bring out that seminarian I need him
come here what's your name name utto oh here's Otto the seminarian Otto
what can't you do here Otto bring the text back up for me the one no the one that I had before bring it up this is
what this verb is what Mary is doing to
the alabastron and people don't know how to translate it they'll translate it is
break right Mary comes in with this vile
of extremely expensive perfume and the container for the
perfume is a fallis shaped applicator made of this gorgeous
Stone oh God and what do people think that she did with it she they don't
think she did with it what juicy did in Aristophanes played l l listrada they
don't her name was mirina right Juicy um
fromon it's a joke never mind um uh what
happens is she brings that alabastron right and people don't they try to translate as Mary ah she broke it well
you had to I heard one person try to explain this once is well you had to break it to open it wait what they had a
stone that was filled with sex drugs that you had to break to open that
doesn't even Sound Engineering possible um it's rubbed and why are they
rubbing it because that's what you do with the nard baby you got to rub it
when you rub it it warms it up any dork in the ancient world knows that when you
rub that substance onto that medical applicator you get a heat and that's
what you need you're going to Aphrodite you don't go to Aphrodite cold you ever try to go to
Aphrodite cold you can't you can't aphrodites fire baby Morning Star fire
that stuff's got to heat you up there is no part of your being no part of your
physical being in the realm of Aphrodite that doesn't become activated
by heat Can you feel it can you feel that heat
in Antiquity they could yeah so the friction you and I
might say of the preparing the way that they prepared the drug warm the drug so
that it could be applied and not be uncomfortable to the person yes all of
this people behind the New Testament passages that you were looking
at you know that you didn't know was there why because what Julian said came true you
let the Christians take over the education and the next thing you know you guys will be a thousand years
behind yeah congratulations we are that
regression we are that regression of civilization that resulted from the rise
of Christianity that's us it's only a classical Rena
Renaissance that will save us it's only a classical renaissance oh God don't you
want to bring it don't you want to bring back lady Babylon let's see next one it's I'm
going way too long let's finish tonight right um and so he's going into Bethany
into the house of Simon you know the one that had the leprosy yeah and he's
laying down there and this woman H you know in possession of an alab ason she
comes in there what's in her alabastron that muron what is the muron a muron is that compound sex substance
that they're using that not only helps prevent pregnancy but also may have
helped prevent venial disease oh that's nice that's nice and um what else is in
there it's it's one of the nard it's one of the real nards you know what I mean this stuff is really valuable it's it's
not adulterated it's really valuable and what did she do she started applying it
to the alabast and right and then she added her substance that was in the
alabaster to Jesus's head right to Jesus's head do you do you remember what
they do what did the medus do they put it all over their hair they put it all
over their hair when you have the purple oh when you have the
purple it's a drug that is used not just transdermally because they're taking it
through the thorn right Paul's all itchy scratchy he's all immune to Viper Venom
and he's all what are you doing I've got my thorn got my thorn you didn't realize
he was a junkie you didn't realize any of these people were Junkies you guys didn't even know Peter was a boy
prostitute
when people find out that Jesus Christ was associated with a young male
prostitute then we may have an Enlightenment we may be able to stand
outside but I don't know the Watchers are telling me no way no way and they're just saying wait just watch what's about
to happen right I'm looking for those Dolphins baby I'm looking for them last
one boom did I say that already and didn't let me give him this one though to go um to tonight guys I wanted you to
see this um what is media's name well she's got a bunch as the text
tells us right she of many names but one of her names is
kis now this is not Kus this isn't um this is
KLOS not calliss but Co
loss you see what happens we switched we switched to consonant pair there right
oh that's interesting what happens when you call Media
culus you mean she's the culan right she is culus she is the place she is the
thing if you check in Alice Alice from Wonderland will tell you from
1850 that this word is the same that it is merely a swamp in
consonant that is typical typical of
palasan magic p Mas and Magic those konian
people predecessors of the Greeks pre recorded history pre-written
history yeah um and it's they do this all the time I'm going to give you something new
tonight this is fun but I'm going to give you something new as human language
developed it was driven forward by
dyslexics there is a dyslexia that is
employed as a power in the magical papiery you mean if you're dyslexic that
you have a draw that is part of the history of humanity that at one time was
compelling our languages forward yes
yes they do it in the PGM they'll flip consonants and now you know why we have EDM the
atrans will do it through that palasan influence it comes into the magic where
we see the flipping of the consonants yes love it ADM is the
med that is the paradise right I didn't want to take you to a place I wanted to bring a place to
you this is Ed she is
Paradise what is the bring that word up one more time liia oh sorry um JY um
what is the call Claus what is the Coos what is it people
it's surprise surprise the source of the purple the source of that which puts us
into the oyers that's what she is Queen
of yeah Western Civilization created by one
woman the mind yes thank you for coming tonight thank
you for season 6 next season we start with a brand new world it is our final
season and we bring to you the finish on
satanic initiation thank you for coming tonight hail
[Music] Satan fences created by such evil men
then we could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk
together again just maybe we could walk
together again yeah